README.md, before:

# Vee - Your Emotionally Intelligent AI Companion 🫂

Vee is an advanced AI companion designed to provide empathetic, emotionally intelligent conversations. Using LangGraph for state management and a sophisticated pipeline of perception, planning, and response modulation, Vee creates genuine, supportive interactions that adapt to your emotional state.

## Core Features

- **Emotional Intelligence**: Detects and responds to subtle emotional cues, tone shifts, and underlying feelings
- **Adaptive Conversations**: Dynamically adjusts conversation strategies based on your emotional state
- **Natural Interactions**: Generates authentic, contextually appropriate responses with appropriate emotional depth
- **Safe Space**: Creates a judgment-free environment for sharing and processing emotions
- **Multi-Platform Support**: Available through Telegram bot interface
- **State Management**: Robust conversation state tracking with LangGraph

## Technical Architecture

The conversation pipeline consists of three main phases:

1. **Perception** 🔍
   - Emotion detection
   - Tone analysis
   - Context understanding
   - State tracking with LangGraph

2. **Planning** 🧠
   - Strategy selection
   - Content seed generation
   - Emotional safety checks
   - Conversation flow management

3. **Response Modulation** 💬
   - Message crafting
   - Tone adjustment
   - Emotional resonance
   - Platform-specific formatting

## Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Set up your environment variables in `.env`:
   ```bash
   GROQ_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=your_telegram_bot_token  # If using Telegram bot
   ```

## Usage

### Console Interface
Run the main script to test Vee's conversation capabilities:
```bash
python3 main.py
```

### Telegram Bot
Start the Telegram bot interface:
```bash
python3 run_telegram_bot.py
```

## Dependencies

- Python 3.8+
- LangChain
- LangGraph
- Groq LLM integration
- Pydantic
- python-dotenv
- python-telegram-bot

## License

MIT License - Feel free to use and modify as needed.

Commit message:

docs: Add FastAPI and ngrok setup instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Vee - Your Emotionally Intelligent AI Companion 🫂

Vee is an advanced AI companion designed to provide empathetic, emotionally intelligent conversations. Using LangGraph for state management and a sophisticated pipeline of perception, planning, and response modulation, Vee creates genuine, supportive interactions that adapt to your emotional state.

## Core Features

- **Emotional Intelligence**: Detects and responds to subtle emotional cues, tone shifts, and underlying feelings
- **Adaptive Conversations**: Dynamically adjusts conversation strategies based on your emotional state
- **Natural Interactions**: Generates authentic, contextually appropriate responses with appropriate emotional depth
- **Safe Space**: Creates a judgment-free environment for sharing and processing emotions
- **Multi-Platform Support**: Available through Telegram bot interface
- **State Management**: Robust conversation state tracking with LangGraph

## Technical Architecture

The conversation pipeline consists of three main phases:

1. **Perception** 🔍
   - Emotion detection
   - Tone analysis
   - Context understanding
   - State tracking with LangGraph

2. **Planning** 🧠
   - Strategy selection
   - Content seed generation
   - Emotional safety checks
   - Conversation flow management

3. **Response Modulation** 💬
   - Message crafting
   - Tone adjustment
   - Emotional resonance
   - Platform-specific formatting

## Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Set up your environment variables in `.env`:
   ```bash
   GROQ_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=your_telegram_bot_token  # If using Telegram bot
   ```

## Usage

### Console Interface
Run the main script to test Vee's conversation capabilities:
```bash
python3 main.py
```

### Telegram Bot

#### Option 1: Polling Mode
Start the Telegram bot in polling mode:
```bash
python3 run_telegram_bot.py
```

#### Option 2: Webhook Mode (Recommended for Production)

1. Install ngrok:
   ```bash
   # macOS (using Homebrew)
   brew install ngrok
   # Or download from https://ngrok.com/download
   ```

2. Start the FastAPI server:
   ```bash
   uvicorn ui.telegram.app:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
   ```

3. In a new terminal, start ngrok:
   ```bash
   ngrok http 8000
   ```

4. Copy the ngrok HTTPS URL (e.g., https://your-ngrok-url.ngrok.io) and set it as your Telegram webhook:
   ```bash
   curl -F "url=https://your-ngrok-url.ngrok.io/webhook" https://api.telegram.org/bot<YOUR_BOT_TOKEN>/setWebhook
   ```

## Dependencies

- Python 3.8+
- LangChain
- LangGraph
- Groq LLM integration
- FastAPI
- uvicorn
- Pydantic
- python-dotenv
- python-telegram-bot

## License

MIT License - Feel free to use and modify as needed.
